SQL and Database:

Structured Query Language - SQL is used to interact with the database, and has many different dialets, or languages.
			  - Each dialet will have some quirks on what keywords are available, or how it handles data types, etc.

Primary Key: The unique identifier for each entry (2 constraints: has to be unqiue and not null)

Foreign Key: 

Candidate Key: Anything that COULD be a unique identifier for an entry

Composite Key: A combination of two or more candidate keys. (Example: Search for both House number and Street Address for a value)

Atomic Data: Standalone data (smallest individual piece/separation)

First normal form - every table has a primary key (and is atomic)
1NF - The Key

Second normal form - 
2NF - The Whole Key

Third normal form -
3NF - Nothing But The Key

ALL SQL dialects leverage the same faciliites of sub-language. They're groups of commands to help us perform different types of actions:

DQL - Data Query Language
- DQL is used to retrieve data from the database.

DDL - Data Definition Language
- DDL is used help us define the structure of the database and the tables in it.

DML - Data Manipulation Language
- DML is used to perofrm actions on the data in the database.

DCL - Data Control Language
- DCL is used to control access to the database.

Single line comment can be done using --
Multi line comment can be done using /* */

DQL - Data Query Language
Key words:
	- SELECT: Retrieve data, select the columns from the resulting set
	- FROM: The table(s) to retrieve data from
	- WHERE: A condition filter of the dta
	- GROUP BY: Group data based on one or more columns
	- HAVING: A conditional filter of the grouped data
	- ORDER BY: Sort the data

DDL helps us define the structure, not the data.
It will focus on creating, modifying, and deleting the tables in the database.
Remember that the table will set the rules for what data it can contain, or what requirements the data must meet.

Common command structure is:
[VERB] [NOUN] [Specifics]

VERBS:
CREATE - creates a new object in the database
ALTER - modifies the structure of an object in the database
DROP - deletes an object from the database

NOUNS:
DATABASE - a container for a collection of related data
SCHEMA - a container for a collection of related tables
TABLE - a collection of related data
CONSTRAINT - a rule that applies to the data in a table

CREATE TABLE - creates a new table in the database
ALTER TABLE - modifiews the structure of a table
DROP TABLE - deletes a table from the database

DML
